<% layout('layouts/boilerplate') %>
<div class="row">
    <h1 class="text-center">New Article</h1>
    <div class="col-6 offset-3">
        <form action="/articles" method="POST" novalidate class="validated-form" enctype="multipart/form-data">
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="title">Title</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[title]" id="title" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="game">Game</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[game]" id="game" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="console">Console</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[console]" id="console" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="release">Release</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[release]" id="release" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <input type="file" name="image" id="" multiple>
            </div>
<!--             <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="image">Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[image]" id="image" required>
            </div> -->
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="blog">Blog</label>
                <textarea class="form-control" type="text" name="article[blog]" id="mytextarea"></textarea>
            </div>
            <h2>Movies</h2>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="movieOne">#1 Movie</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[movieOne]" id="movieOne" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="movieOneImage">#1 Movie Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[movieOneImage]" id="movieOneImage" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="movieTwo">#2 Movie</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[movieTwo]" id="movieTwo" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="movieTwoImage">#2 Movie Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[movieTwoImage]" id="movieTwoImage" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="movieThree">#3 Movie</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[movieThree]" id="movieThree" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="movieThreeImage">#3 Movie Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[movieThreeImage]" id="movieThreeImage" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="movieFour">#4 Movie</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[movieFour]" id="movieFour" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="movieFourImage">#4 Movie Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[movieFourImage]" id="movieFourImage" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="movieFive">#5 Movie</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[movieFive]" id="movieFive" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="movieFiveImage">#5 Movie Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[movieFiveImage]" id="movieFiveImage" required>
            </div>
            <h2>Music</h2>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="musicOne">#1 Music</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[musicOne]" id="musicOne" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="musicOneImage">#1 Music Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[musicOneImage]" id="musicOneImage" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="musicTwo">#2 Music</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[musicTwo]" id="musicTwo" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="musicTwoImage">#2 Music Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[musicTwoImage]" id="musicTwoImage" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="musicThree">#3 Music</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[musicThree]" id="musicThree" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="musicThreeImage">#3 Music Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[musicThreeImage]" id="musicThreeImage" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="musicFour">#4 Music</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[musicFour]" id="musicFour" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="musicFourImage">#4 Music Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[musicFourImage]" id="musicFourImage" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="musicFive">#5 Music</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[musicFive]" id="musicFive" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="musicFiveImage">#5 Music Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[musicFiveImage]" id="musicFiveImage" required>
            </div>
            <h2>NBA</h2>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nbaOne">#1 Team</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nbaOne]" id="nbaOne" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nbaOneImage">#1 Team Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nbaOneImage]" id="nbaOneImage" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nbaTwo">#2 Team</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nbaTwo]" id="nbaTwo" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nbaTwoImage">#2 Team Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nbaTwoImage]" id="nbaTwoImage" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nbaThree">#3 Team</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nbaThree]" id="nbaThree" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nbaThreeImage">#3 Team Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nbaThreeImage]" id="nbaThreeImage" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nbaFour">#4 Team</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nbaFour]" id="nbaFour" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nbaFourImage">#4 Team Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nbaFourImage]" id="nbaFourImage" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nbaFive">#5 Team</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nbaFive]" id="nbaFive" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nbaFiveImage">#5 Team Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nbaFiveImage]" id="nbaFiveImage" required>
            </div>
            <h2>NHL</h2>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nhlOne">#1 Team</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nhlOne]" id="nhlOne" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nhlOneImage">#1 Team Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nhlOneImage]" id="nhlOneImage" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nhlTwo">#2 Team</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nhlTwo]" id="nhlTwo" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nhlTwoImage">#2 Team Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nhlTwoImage]" id="nhlTwoImage" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nhlThree">#3 Team</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nhlThree]" id="nhlThree" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nhlThreeImage">#3 Team Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nhlThreeImage]" id="nhlThreeImage" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nhlFour">#4 Team</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nhlFour]" id="nhlFour" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nhlFourImage">#4 Team Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nhlFourImage]" id="nhlFourImage" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nhlFive">#5 Team</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nhlFive]" id="nhlFive" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nhlFiveImage">#5 Team Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nhlFiveImage]" id="nhlFiveImage" required>
            </div>
            <h2>MLB</h2>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="mlbOne">#1 Team</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[mlbOne]" id="mlbOne" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="mlbOneImage">#1 Team Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[mlbOneImage]" id="mlbOneImage" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="mlbTwo">#2 Team</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[mlbTwo]" id="mlbTwo" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="mlbTwoImage">#2 Team Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[mlbTwoImage]" id="mlbTwoImage" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="mlbThree">#3 Team</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[mlbThree]" id="mlbThree" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="mlbThreeImage">#3 Team Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[mlbThreeImage]" id="mlbThreeImage" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="mlbFour">#4 Team</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[mlbFour]" id="mlbFour" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="mlbFourImage">#4 Team Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[mlbFourImage]" id="mlbFourImage" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="mlbFive">#5 Team</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[mlbFive]" id="mlbFive" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="mlbFiveImage">#5 Team Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[mlbFiveImage]" id="mlbFiveImage" required>
            </div>
            <h2>NFL</h2>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nflOne">#1 Team</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nflOne]" id="nflOne" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nflOneImage">#1 Team Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nflOneImage]" id="nflOneImage" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nflTwo">#2 Team</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nflTwo]" id="nflTwo" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nflTwoImage">#2 Team Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nflTwoImage]" id="nflTwoImage" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nflThree">#3 Team</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nflThree]" id="nflThree" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nflThreeImage">#3 Team Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nflThreeImage]" id="nflThreeImage" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nflFour">#4 Team</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nflFour]" id="nflFour" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nflFourImage">#4 Team Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nflFourImage]" id="nflFourImage" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nflFive">#5 Team</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nflFive]" id="nflFive" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <label class="form-label" for="nflFiveImage">#5 Team Image</label>
                <input class="form-control" type="text" name="article[nflFiveImage]" id="nflFiveImage" required>
            </div>
            <div class="mb-3">
                <button class="btn btn-success">Add Article</button>
            </div>
        </form>
        <a class="btn btn-warning" href="/articles">Back to Articles</a>
    </div>
</div>





model

movieOne: String,
movieOneImage: String,
movieTwo: String,
movieTwoImage: String,
movieThree: String,
movieThreeImage: String,
movieFour: String,
movieFourImage: String,
movieFive: String,
movieFiveImage: String,
musicOne: String,
musicOneImage: String,
musicTwo: String,
musicTwoImage: String,
musicThree: String,
musicThreeImage: String,
musicFour: String,
musicFourImage: String,
musicFive: String,
musicFiveImage: String,
nhlOne: String,
nhlOneImage: String,
nhlTwo: String,
nhlTwoImage: String,
nhlThree: String,
nhlThreeImage: String,
nhlFour: String,
nhlFourImage: String,
nhlFive: String,
nhlFiveImage: String,
nbaOne: String,
nbaOneImage: String,
nbaTwo: String,
nbaTwoImage: String,
nbaThree: String,
nbaThreeImage: String,
nbaFour: String,
nbaFourImage: String,
nbaFive: String,
nbaFiveImage: String,
mlbOne: String,
mlbOneImage: String,
mlbTwo: String,
mlbTwoImage: String,
mlbThree: String,
mlbThreeImage: String,
mlbFour: String,
mlbFourImage: String,
mlbFive: String,
mlbFiveImage: String,
nflOne: String,
nflOneImage: String,
nflTwo: String,
nflTwoImage: String,
nflThree: String,
nflThreeImage: String,
nflFour: String,
nflFourImage: String,
nflFive: String,
nflFiveImage: String,



routes .post

.post(isAdmin, upload.array('image'),validateArticle, catchAsync(articles.createArticle));